Hi, Mystery Recapped here. Today, I am going
to explain the seventh and eighth episodes
of the South Korean survival drama “Squid
Game” called “VIPS” and “Front Man”
Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care!
The last episode ended with Ilnam and Ali
dying while going against Gi-hun and Sangwoo,
respectively. Ali is put into a coffin by
the staff while the players who won the game
are taken back to the room. Deoksu walks into
the room first and is surprised to see Minyeo
peacefully resting on her bed. She makes fun of
him and is proud that she didn’t have to play the
game because she didn’t get a partner. The most
important aim of the game is for it to be fair.
Since the doctor’s death was the reason she
didn’t get a partner, Minyeo was saved. Now, only
seventeen players are alive. In another room, the
overseer gets a call from the VIPs informing him
that they are about to arrive. After the call, the
overseer gets his gun and asks Junho to come out.
Junho had kept the phone’s receiver the opposite
way as opposed to how the overseer used to keep
it, giving away his presence.
The overseer goes around the room
looking for the intruder but gets a call in
between. His staff has found a dead body on
the north coast of the island. When he leaves,
we see that Junho is hiding behind the shelves.
Meanwhile, all the players are distressed because
of the last game. All of them lost someone they
were close to. Sangwoo, however, tells Gi-hun not
to think about it too much because the old man was
only a stranger who he had known for a few days.
One of the players had come to the facility with
his wife. Both of them were together in the last
game, and his wife got killed because of him. He
loses control and asks everyone to stop this
madness by voting against the last two games.
Sangwoo opposes and argues that the money is worth
the lives of everyone who died, and they cannot
give it up now. He even tells the man that if he
feels so guilty, he should have died in his wife’s
place. Sangwoo has already shown his ruthless
side by tricking Ali into dying, and now Gi-hun
starts to realize how greedy his friend is.
In the meantime, the overseer goes to see the
body of the person Junho had thrown into the
sea when he first came to the island. They
find Junho’s ID in the man’s pocket and assume
he is the police officer. But the Overseer’s
demeanor changes when he sees the ID. Right then,
he gets a call saying that the VIPs have arrived.
The overseer quickly goes to meet his boss, who
is the main man and the organizer of the games.
He takes off his golden bedazzled animal mask and
asks the overseer to receive the VIPs because he
doesn’t want to be the one to welcome them. The
VIPs turn out to be some rich foreigners who
bet on the players’ life as people do with
horses. They are received by the overseer,
who apologizes on behalf of the organizer
and takes them to their exclusive lounge.
Meanwhile, in the room, no one sleeps at night
with the fear of being killed. The man whose
wife died is filled with unbearable guilt. He
remembers Sangwoo telling him to die and ties the
bedsheet around his neck. The man finally hangs
himself on the bunk bed. One of the VIPs sees
this in the surveillance footage and gets annoyed
because he had bet one million dollars on the man.
The others laugh it off, showing that
money is the least of their problems,
and they do this for fun. Simultaneously, Junho
abducts a waiter appointed to serve the VIPs with
drinks. He changes his clothes and disguises
himself as the waiter after killing him. He
also places his phone on his sleeves to record
everything he sees. Meanwhile, the players are
woken up by an alarm and see a coffin being
brought inside. They finally see that the man
has hung himself. Before they can comprehend what
happened, they are called for the fifth game.
The VIPs rest in the lavish lounge while watching
the players and deciding who they should bet on.
Junho enters the place, and a perverted VIP’s eyes
land on him. He calls Junho near and asks him to
stand nearby. This time, the players are brought
to the empty white room again, but this time,
it has sixteen mannequins placed in front of
them. They are told to choose one randomly.
Everyone tries going for the middle ones because
being at the front or back is risky. Before Gi-hun
can choose one, only the first and the last ones
are left. Gi-hun reasons that if he goes first,
he might have more time left and a better chance
at winning. He is about to take the first one
when another player asks him if he
can be the first one. Gi-hun accepts
and takes the very last one instead.
They are then brought to the place where
they will be playing the game. It has a bridge
of glasses which they are supposed to cross. But
some of the glasses are tempered, so they
will break when the player steps on them,
making the person fall. The man who took the
first place has to go first and has a higher
chance of winning. The person in the first accepts
his fate and moves forward but falls to his doom
on the second step. Similarly, the second man
steps forward who jumps quickly on the first
few glasses but eventually falls. After some time,
it is the priest’s turn to move forward. He starts
praying to God instead of moving, angering the
people behind him. The person right behind him
tries to push him off but instead falls off the
glass himself. The priest thanks God for saving
him only to be pushed by the person behind him.
Sangwoo is nervous because they are taking a lot
of time to cross, which might cause him, Saebyeok,
and Gi-hun to not get there in time. Eventually,
the person before Deoksu falls off, leaving him in
the front. He is too scared to move ahead himself,
so he tells his minion behind him to go forward.
The man, however, doesn’t agree, saying that
this is a matter of life and death.
Meanwhile, the VIP who is attracted to Junho
now asks him to sit beside him. He flirts
with Junho and asks him to take the mask
off. Junho knows if he takes it off, this secret
will be revealed. But the VIP keeps on insisting.
With no way out, he asks the man to come to the
other room where he can take his mask off. The
man totally ignores the game and goes to the other
room with Junho. He then takes off his robe and
stands naked in front of Junho, expecting sexual
favors from him. Junho, however, gets his gun out
and threatens the man to take his mask off. He
turns out to be a wealthy middle-aged American
man. Junho takes his picture as evidence.
Back in the game, Minyeo pushes Deoksu's minion
off the glass and takes his place. She and Deoksu
throw insults at each other before she agrees to
go before him. She doesn’t want him to waste
her time because only three minutes are left.
She asks him to move and steps on his glass, but
instead of moving forward, takes a tight hold of
him. Minyeo reminds Deoksu of when she threatened
to kill him if he betrayed her. Deoksu tries
to get her off him but he cannot make a lot of
movement in the glass. At last, she deliberately
falls off the bridge taking Deoksu with her. Now
only four of the players are left, Gi-hun at the
end, then Saebyeok, Sangwoo, and at the front
is an old man who claims to be a glassmaker with
thirty years of experience. The man can tell the
difference between the glasses by looking at the
reflection. He easily passes the first few
glasses taking the group closer to victory.
But the VIPs realize he can tell the glasses
apart and turn the lights off. He is now at the
last glass but cannot tell which is the tempered
one. When he takes more time, Sangwoo takes the
matter into his hands and pushes the man to
the glass in front of him. The glass breaks,
and Sangwoo easily steps onto another one and
wins the round. Saebyeok and Gi-hun do the same
and pass at the last second. The remaining
glasses automatically shatter into pieces,
injuring the winners as well. Sangwoo and Gi-hun
get minor cuts, but Saebyeok is gravely hurt.
Meanwhile, the overseer asks a staff member to
see what is going on with the VIP and the waiter,
but they find both of them missing. The staff
also find one oxygen tank missing, indicating
that the intruder has escaped. The overseer gets
on a boat himself to go on a search for him.
Sangwoo, Saebyeok, and Gi-hun are the only three
left out of the four hundred fifty-six players who
first arrived. They are taken back to the room
where Gi-hun belittles Sangwoo for killing the
man when they could have all made it through.
Sangwoo, in turn, tells him to be grateful that
he was there to do the dirty work for him.
He calls Gi-hun an idiot who doesn’t know
how real life works. Saebyeok, on the other
hand, stays on the bed holding her sides.
As the two fight, the staff come into the room
and congratulate them for getting through the
five rounds and finally making it to the sixth.
They hand the players one box each and invite them
somewhere special. Saebyeok goes to the washroom
and takes her clothes off to reveal a glass
stabbed to her abdomen. She painfully takes
it out and bandages the wound with her shirt.
The box given by the staff has fancy clothes
inside which the players are supposed to wear. The
players are then brought to a triangular dining
table and given a lavish dinner. The guys devour
it completely except for Saebyeok, who barely
even touches the food because of her injury.
After they are done, the staff take their
utensils away but leave them with a knife.
Meanwhile, Junho is on the run from the overseer
and ends up on another side of the island.
His phone finally gets reception, and he
sends his superior the pictures he had taken
in the facility. But before he can run away,
the staff and the overseer catch up to him. Now,
he lies in between the staff and a cliff and
has no way out of the situation. The overseer
asks him to drop his gun, but Junho stays put in
his place. The overseer doesn’t back up either;
instead, he moves towards the policeman which
makes Junho shoot him on his shoulder. At that
moment, the overseer finally takes his mask off.
Looking at his face, Junho freezes in shock. The
overseer is Junho’s brother Inho, the man Junho
was looking for all this time. Inho points his gun
at his little brother and reluctantly shoots him.
Junho eventually falls into the sea and dies.
Back in the facility, the trio comes back to
the room and stays in their respective corner,
as far away from each other as possible. Gi-hun
approaches Saebyeok and asks her if she is okay.
Saebyeok points her knife at him at first but puts
it back when he says he isn’t there to hurt her.
Gi-hun asks her to work together with him in the
following round because he doesn’t trust Sangwoo
anymore. Saebyeok, still in pain, asks him what he
will do if he wins the money. Gi-hun says he will
pay off his debts, treat his mother and be a good
father to his daughter. Saebyeok tells him about
her own brother. The two promise to take care of
each other's families if they win the money. Then,
Gi-hun sees Sangwoo falling asleep on his
bed. He moves towards him with his knife,
but Saebeyeok stops him, saying that they
should not go down to his level. Just then,
Gi-hoon notices Saebyeok’s injury. She is bleeding
profusely through her shirt. Gi-hun freaks out
and starts yelling at the staff to come in and
save her. As he bangs on the door, some staff
come in but they have a coffin with them.
Gi-hun looks back at Saebyeok only to find Sangwoo
near her with the knife. He had stabbed her to
death while Gi-hun was begging the staff to save
her. Gi-hun loses control and shakes Saebyeok’s
limp body, trying to wake her. He attacks Sangwoo
in a fit of rage but is stopped by the guard.
Eventually, they take Saebyeok’s body away and
burn it in the furnace. The two final contestants
of the game are Gi-hun and Sangwoo.
Subscribe for more videos like this,
turn on notifications, and leave a like
to help the channel out.
Thank you for watching.